NAVAND-940: fix buildings highlighting (#6749)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated the `MapboxRestAreaApi` logic to load a SAPA map only if the upcoming rest stop is at the current step of the route leg. [#6695](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6695)
- Fixed an issue where `MapboxRerouteController` could deliver a delayed interruption state notifications. Now, the interruption state is always delivered synchronously, as soon as it's available. [#6718](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6718)
- Fixed the `NavigationView` issue where route arrows are being rendered above navigation puck after device rotation. [#6747](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6747)

> - Fixed buildings highlighting. [#6749](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6749)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `MapboxBuildingsApi` would fail to highlight buildings. [#6749](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6749)
```
